Release notes v0.36 — BK section (#5575)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  ```

> <h4>More methods to map molecules to qubits 🗺️</h4>

Reviewer: Very minor, but I had a soft spot for the alliteration and use of a very to start each section.

> * A new function called `qml.fermi.bravyi_kitaev` has been added to map fermionic 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A new function called `qml.bravyi_kitaev` has been added to map fermionic 
```
Prefer to link to the top-level function (it's also the one in the [docs](https://xanaduai-pennylane--5575.com.readthedocs.build/en/5575/code/api/pennylane.bravyi_kitaev.html))

  Hamiltonians to qubit Hamiltonians.
  [(#5390)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5390)

>   In addition to `qml.fermi.jordan_wigner` and `qml.fermi.parity_transform`, the
>   Bravyi-Kitaev mapping is available via `qml.fermi.bravyi_kitaev` to map
>   fermionic Hamiltonians to qubit Hamiltonians. Simply provide a fermionic 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This function presents an alternative mapping to `qml.jordan_wigner` or
  `qml.parity_transform`. Simply provide a fermionic 
```
Just felt like this sentence repeated the first one a bit.

  Hamiltonian (created from `from_string`, `FermiA`, `FermiC`, `FermiSentence`, 
  or `FermiWord`) and the number of qubits / spin orbitals in the system, `n`:

  ```pycon
  >>> fermi_ham = qml.fermi.from_string('0+ 1-')
  >>> qubit_ham = qml.bravyi_kitaev(fermi_ham, n=6)
  >>> print(qubit_ham)

>   -0.25j * Y(0.0) + (-0.25+0j) * X(0) @ Z(1.0) + (0.25+0j) * X(0.0) + 0.25j * Y(0) @ Z(1.0)

Reviewer: Would update these lines:
```
>>> qml.bravyi_kitaev(fermi_ham, n=6)
(
    -0.25j * Y(0)
  + (-0.25+0j) * (X(0) @ Z(1))
  + (0.25+0j) * X(0)
  + 0.25j * (Y(0) @ Z(1))
)
```
@soranjh @ddhawan11 would it be challenging to cast the coeffs to real? Do we ever expect them to be complex?

Reviewer 2: @trbromley In this simple example, `0.25j` is a large number to neglect and cast to real. But we can give you a bit larger examples where the coeffs have negligible imaginary part. Is that what you want?

>   0.25 * I(0) + -0.25 * Z(0) + -0.25 * (Z(0) @ Z(1)) + 0.25 * Z(1)

Author: @trbromley updated!

Reviewer: Nice!!

  ```

* The `qml.qchem.hf_state` function has been upgraded to be compatible with

>   `qml.fermi.parity_transform` and the new Bravyi-Kitaev mapping 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `qml.parity_transform` and the new Bravyi-Kitaev mapping 
```

>   (`qml.fermi.bravyi_kitaev`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (`qml.bravyi_kitaev`).
```
Maybe the brackets are not needed? :thinking:

  [(#5472)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5472)

  ```pycon
  >>> state_bk = qml.qchem.hf_state(2, 6, basis="bravyi_kitaev")
  >>> print(state_bk)

>   [1 0 0 0 0 0]

Author: 🍔 👑

>   >>> state_parity = hf_state(2, 6, basis="parity")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  >>> state_parity = qml.qchem.hf_state(2, 6, basis="parity")
```
